README.md, before:

## week-2-portfolio

# Description 

The current project aim is to create a portfolio page for potential employees to acess future work.

# Acceptance Criteria 

 * GIVEN I need to sample a potential employee's previous work
 * WHEN I load their portfolio
 * THEN I am presented with the developer's name, a recent photo or avatar, and links to sections about them, their work, and how to contact them
 * WHEN I click one of the links in the navigation
 * THEN the UI scrolls to the corresponding section
 * WHEN I click on the link to the section about their work
 * THEN the UI scrolls to a section with titled images of the developer's applications
 * WHEN I am presented with the developer's first application
 * THEN that application's image should be larger in size than the others
 * WHEN I click on the images of the applications
 * THEN I am taken to that deployed application
 * WHEN I resize the page or view the site on various screens and devices
 * THEN I am presented with a responsive layout that adapts to my viewport

# Images 
![](Assets/images/Screenshot 2022-10-11 at 11.52.00.png)

# Links

Commit message:

fixed bug with HTML order

README.md, after:

# week-2-portfolio

## Description 

The current project aim is to create a portfolio page for potential employees to acess future work. 

## Acceptance Criteria 

 * GIVEN I need to sample a potential employee's previous work
 * WHEN I load their portfolio
 * THEN I am presented with the developer's name, a recent photo or avatar, and links to sections about them, their work, and how to contact them
 * WHEN I click one of the links in the navigation
 * THEN the UI scrolls to the corresponding section
 * WHEN I click on the link to the section about their work
 * THEN the UI scrolls to a section with titled images of the developer's applications
 * WHEN I am presented with the developer's first application
 * THEN that application's image should be larger in size than the others
 * WHEN I click on the images of the applications
 * THEN I am taken to that deployed application
 * WHEN I resize the page or view the site on various screens and devices
 * THEN I am presented with a responsive layout that adapts to my viewport

## Images 

![Website screenshot](Assets/images/Screenshot 2022-10-11 at 11.52.00.png)

## Extra information
This site contains a link to my first weeks project. I struggled with flexbox especially with the contact me section. 


## Links
